PORT-13017 | BUG Correct the dora metrics guide to conform with the new onboarding (#2034)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/guides/all/setup-dora-metrics.md

- [Statuspage](/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/incident-management/statuspage)

### Relating Incident to services

> The relation between a PagerDuty incident and the service blueprint is automatically established when you install the PagerDuty integration. This ensures that each pagerduty incident is related to the relevant service in Port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relation between the "PagerDuty incident" blueprint and the "service" blueprint is automatically created when you install the PagerDuty integration.  
This ensures that each PagerDuty incident is related to the relevant service in Port.
```
